[Music]
Oh
let's do you wall we're
[Music]
that's my stitches layered no okay so if
this own way call thank you Wow
nice suit this is Stanley
oh Jesus
oh that's not good
no no no oh you're not going to walk
that one off
oh that no grouse oh I'm so sorry
all right I got spent way too long in
the phone booth if I'm being honest with
myself I probably should have just
called 911 now matters now I think
you're both a real point here so is
a phone booth doing on a street corner
disappear in 98 yeah suppose I could
have just use myself whoo I'm Jerry
Garcia ice cream and eat this
don't answer now that's right and
actually I made a call to the costumer
his name is layer usually helped me put
the suit on
the other guys do it so quickly you
probably wouldn't be dead if it was
Logan you got to change into there was a
tank top of the pair of team
yay Loch Ness get my tank top one bit of
inspiration hit a nice little crime
fighting for a year at the hundred call
a day